Sentiment analysis (also known as opinion mining or emotion AI) refers to the use of 
natural language processing, text analysis, computational tasks to systematically
identify, extract, quantify, and study affective states and subjective information.

application
1.Sentiment analysis is used for customer feedback available (online reviews, social media, surveys) 
 and save hundreds of employee hours.
2.monitor your  competitor social media
3.politics -in poslitical field it is used to keep track of political views
 to detect consistency and inconsistency between statements and actions at the
 government level . it can be used to predict election result as well


We follow these 3 major steps in our program:
Authorize twitter API client.
Make a GET request to Twitter API to fetch tweets for a particular query.
Parse the tweets. Classify each tweet as positive, negative or neutral.


First off, we need to visit the Twitter Developer website and log into our account and then create 
twitter developer account	
Since we now have our Twitter Developers login credentials (i.e. API keys and Access token), 
we can proceed to authenticating our program


textblob-it is a Python (2 and 3) library for processing textual data. It provides a simple API for diving into 
         common natural language processing (NLP) tasks such as part-of-speech tagging, noun phrase extraction,
  	 sentiment analysis, classification, translation
sys-The sys module provides information about constants, functions and methods of the Python interpreter.
	 dir(system) gives a summary of the available constants, functions and methods.
tweepy-Tweepy is an open source Python package that gives you a very convenient way to access the Twitter API with Python.
	 Tweepy includes a set of classes and methods that represent Twitter's models and API endpoints, and it transparently 
	handles various implementation details, such as: Data encoding and decoding.
matplotlib-Matplotlib is a plotting library for the Python programming language and its numerical mathematics extension NumPy. 
            it is used to show the percentage of postive neggative and neutral tweets

percentage function is used to calculate the percenage of +ve -ve and neutral tweets


tweepy supports OAuth authentication. Authentication is handled by the tweepy.OAuthHandler class.
An OAuthHandler instance must be created by passing a consumer token and secret.
On this auth instance, we will call a function set_access_token by passing the access_token and access_token_secret.
Finally, we create our tweepy API instance by passing this auth instance into the API function of tweepy.
We can now search Twitter for any topic using the search method of the API.
api is application program interface
these three will establish a connection with api

tweets will contain all the tweets related to the keyword we entered
we use a for loop to analyze a tweet
polarity will be the average result of all the tweets


we can also print tweet using print(tweet.text)

we pass tweet to create a TextBlob object, following processing is done over text by textblob library:
Tokenize the tweet ,i.e split words from body of text. Remove stopwords from the tokens


to print pichart we will create a label and label will be +ve -ve and neutral
next we need to define size and then colors




Data Collection
Consumers usually express their sentiments on public forums like the blogs,
discussion boards, product reviews as well as on their private logs –
 Social network sites like Facebook and Twitter.Opinions and feelings 
are expressed in different way, with different vocabulary, context of 
writing, making the data huge and disorganized.
Text Preparation
Text preparation is nothing but filtering the extracted data before analysis.It includes identifying and
 eliminating non-textual content and content thatis irrelevant to the area of study from the data.
sentiment Detection
At this stage, each sentence of the review and opinion is examined for subjectivity.Sentiment analysis is 
done at different levels usingcommon computational techniques like Unigrams, lemmas, negation and so on.
Sentiment Classification
Sentiments can be broadly classified into three groups, positive negative neutral.At this stage of sentiment 
analysis methodology, each subjective sentence detected is classified into groups-positive, negative, good, bad,
 like, dislike.
Presentation of Output
The main idea of sentiment analysis is to convert unstructured text into meaningful information.
After the completion of analysis, the text results are displayed on graphs like pie chart,bar chart and line graphs.



API key:nQdIUHs8JOeg7T41A8fg5KeqD
API secret key:DSb9sdP3Q3QR0A4L7gE00C2riq2CnVllSowe22pnrWVumAv9uw
Bearer Token:AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAOr5KQEAAAAA9czSfw06IwEMjjJ01pdIueMFBEo%3DcXB7WdWwZrMR90L8IuP682Fg01dvO6FJXXcBKxFguqWUiXxbrD
Access token:1261175650339246081-qdg9h6pjwOMaJtoMl83kk8jRVKh9zT
Access token secret:	QE2vcPEwHFWFggrYJh0ufRY7VNeUu7WakwpfIxwTm7ijo

